Full job description
Overview
Gain real-world business, accounting, and financial training that will teach you all aspects of financial management pertaining to running a successful business. Our program fully prepares you to become a Controller/VP of Finance of your own financial operation. A key partner in our organization, the Controller/VP of Finance oversees all aspects of financial management and provides balance to the partnership formed with the marketing and operational pieces of our business. As an Accountant, you can count on a career path with a clear beginning and an open end that’s full of opportunities. With training, development, mentoring, and a culture of promotion from within, you’ll always be progressing in your career.

The target compensation for this position is $65,000 annually based on a 40-hour workweek, which includes an hourly rate of $31.25/ hour, plus overtime. For candidates with a master’s degree the target compensation for this position is $68,000 annually based on a 40 hour workweek, which includes an hourly rate of $32.69/ hour, plus overtime


We offer a robust Benefits Package including, but not limited to:
Paid Time Off
Health, Dental, Vision insurance; Life Insurance; Prescription coverage (employees scheduled for 30+ hours)
Employee discounts on car rentals, car purchases and much more!
401(k) retirement plan with company match and profit sharing
Educational Assistance (full time - 40+ hours only)

Enterprise Mobility is a leading provider of mobility solutions, owning and operating the Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental and Alamo Rent A Car brands through its integrated global network of independent regional subsidiaries. Enterprise Mobility and its affiliates offer extensive car rental, carsharing, truck rental, fleet management, retail car sales, as well as travel management and other transportation services, to make travel easier and more convenient for customers.

Privately held by the Taylor family of St. Louis, Enterprise Mobility together with its affiliate Enterprise Fleet Management manages a diverse fleet of 2.4 million vehicles and accounted for nearly $39 billion in revenue through a network of more than 9,500 fully-staffed neighborhood and airport rental locations in more than 90 countries and territories.

At Enterprise Mobility, you will have the chance to run your own financial operation and provide balance to the marketing and operational pieces of our business. We offer a comprehensive development program where you will work closely with sales and marketing, human resources, risk management, real estate strategy, and more to produce excellence in customer service, growth strategies, operating efficiencies, and profitability.


As your understanding of our business grows and your ability to make solid business decisions develops, you will soon take on a supervisory role within a business management team. With our entrepreneurial philosophy, there is truly nothing holding you back.


Responsibilities
Starting as an Accountant, you are executing accounting procedures and principles that will lead to financial statement, preparation, and financial analysis.


Prepare financial statements
Perform branch audit evaluations
Assemble bank reconciliation and account schedule
Prepare journal entries, expense accruals and allocations
Participate in a timely and accurate month-end closing process
Assist personnel with questions regarding accounting policies and procedures
Analyze income statements fluctuations
Provide process improvement and cost saving ideas
Managing financial records, assist in financial reporting
Support budgeting and forecasting
Conduct audits and ensure compliance
Collaborate with other departments
May be responsible for T& E reports, coding, account classification and reimbursement amounts
May be responsible for preparation and sales and other tax returns

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
Qualifications
Must be at least 18 years old.
Must have a Bachelor's degree in Accounting.
Must have basic proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Word.
Must have a valid driver's license with no more than 2 moving violations and/or at-fault accidents on driving record in the past 3 years.
No drug or alcohol related convictions on driving record (DUI/DWI) within the past 5 years.
Must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future.